This is a head-gum original.
We're going to start out with a bang right off the bat, right?
We're getting it high energy, we're getting everyone up on a Friday, because you guys entered
the room with this sort of selling sunkenide energy, and I have to be the one to facilitate.
Let's channel all our energy into joy today.
I'm smiling, I'm happy, I'm feeling light-hearted, and I want to keep it that way, and
it's up to you guys not to kind of set me off.
Okay.
I will say, it's usually someone's own responsibility to monitor their own, but we'll do
what we can.
Self-regulating emotions, yeah.
Self-suff soothing.
Yeah.
I know the lingo.
You clearly work on yourself a lot, but it doesn't ever show.
Translate.
Yeah.
That's the hard.
No, and that is hard.
I mean, like, props for doing, you know, step one.
But it's weird to go to gym and emergency.
Yeah.
It's like you're working out, but you're emerging weaker.
I don't know how that's possible.
I mean, I put in the tower within the hours, and it's like, well, cardio's the real
answer.
Yeah.
Let's just shake it out, right?
So, dance.
Oh.
Hold it.
Was that a gen Z thing?
This dance song?
No.
It says, sans default dance on the dance, the specific shake it out dance.
Oh, that's a problem.
That's a problem.
Don't do that.
Don't.
Don't find common ground.
Don't bring up improv.
Don't just, yeah.
I don't want to be really clear up top.
I never want to bring up improv.
It's something within me.
I don't want.
It's something that comes through.
It has to happen.
It's coming out.
Whether you wanted or not.
I can't be fun to do.
Sorry.
One second.
I think I was talking.
Sorry, then.
We should do a Murray condo episode to see if not only are the clothes in our closet,
but the show itself sparks joy.
I'm a reka condo.
Like, Marika.
Jeff doesn't like it.
I think it's clever.
It's a rosin.
When you go, we go for the job.
We don't understand it.
Major go the alert.
Now you say what you're going to say.
No, it's not even a major killer.
It's just genuine advice.
Like, I don't want to tell you how to be funny.
Yeah.
Go for the joke when you're gone for it.
People can sense that desperation, yeah.
What was the second?
It looked like a slim fast shake.
Wow.
That protein cookies and cream shake.
That can looks like it was put in a vetting machine in 98.
You're the first person to pick it out.
That's a dusty can.
That the design hasn't been touched since they first made the drink in the 80s.
Yeah.
It was kept in 90s.
A dairy can.
You never want to see a creamy can.
Can's should be like for water, a drinks.
Do you ever, whenever I'm at like a, if I'm getting like my car fixed,
I'm at like a jiffy lube or something.
And they have creamer that, oh, that never sits right with me.
Oh, like a little.
Yeah.
I'm like, I don't know how long this has been here.
And I don't know how warm it's been kept.
Yeah.
Why does it not have to be refrigerated?
They just keep on the table at diners.
And it unsettles me.
It really does.
Like every milk has to be refrigerated except for those loose little
vials of half and half.
Seems like those should be the most cold.
To me.
Yeah.
Jeff is muted in my head.
We can't hear you Jeff.
Yeah.
But that's okay.
I think ultimately was the best part of the show kind of noncoordinated.
We connected on something.
We were sort of really nice to be in studio with Casey on the video and
on you on the audio because I don't have to think about anything other than the,
the joys and that I bring to the table.
That's joy and poison.
And now when we're at home, it's like this chord just, if you,
even if you don't touch it, it somehow falls out of whack.
But ultimately.
That was easy.
Not really though, right?
Really?
Almost.
Yeah.
Creamer.
Let's talk about it.
There was a day when I was like,
We already did it.
We already talked to like,
you're muted or something, but I think we exhausted.
The camera discord has a day when I was like 10 or 11,
and I drank hazelnut creamer from the jug.
How much of it, the whole thing?
I think probably a good chunk.
A jug of creamer seems like that's not.
They usually come in small containers because you're just supposed to use a splash at the time.
You're supposed to use a splash because of sugar in it.
Was it coffee mate?
Yeah.
It was coffee mate hazelnut.
So they do have the bigger size.
And those also stress me out.
How's that?
Those have to be refrigerated.
The other ones smaller ones down.
They have to be refrigerated unless you're like,
add a hotel when they do continental breakfast,
and then all of a sudden.
I'll bet it's out.
Don't give me started.
I've got an animal breakfast.
I can't get enough of the shit, man.
Why?
It's one of the worst breakfasts overall.
Serial and bread.
The milk is rarely cold enough.
It's like, it's like touching ice at the bottom.
I agree.
What is it?
Don't choose this sunny day.
Yeah.
So I'm going to drop a can of can.
Absolutely concentrate.
Absolutely.
Really.
I'm glad that we all agree.
And it's cornflakes usually only raised in bread.
Obviously the keen peel continental breakfast sketch.
I think of that.
It's a great sketch.
Favorite comedy sketches ever.
If you're listening to this show, turn it off.
Maybe forever.
So watch the continental breakfast key and peel sketch.
That's comedy.
I'd like to do the senses.
Clearly my friend.
Ah, the Danish clearly from Brussels.
Yeah, that's funny.
But we have to make our own comedy because we're literally on the clock here.
You can't just like, sight other jokes pass them off as your own.
Because other people are watching this sketch and laughing.
Because they're not laughing.
That's a lot of you.
Didn't pass it off.
I actually gave sort of a lot of credence to the original creators.
I told him to stop listening to this and start watching.
He said peels.
This is the thing.
I make money off of, but instead stop.
And go do other things.
I mean, you're just going broke because of how much he wants to honor other comedians.
I'm a marker.
I'd rather you go for broke on the show.
What's that?
Come up with something quote where these are that the out of context headgun podcast
Twitter account tweets the nonsense.
Oh, they made me seem like a Republican once.
What did you say?
I said that bite in this olden scene aisle.
I regret voting for him and that.
Oh, I said something about how we didn't like unions.
But it was a joke.
And now you said out of context.
And they can take it out of context and do it again.
Yeah.
I can't wait.
It's gotcha journalism a little bit.
Yeah.
And then beat.
That's funny.
So those of you just say something's funny and laugh.
Like, people, other people will also think it's funny because they want to be in on the joke.
Make your killer.
Uh, here we go.
It's time for everyone's bonds of the absolute week.
Every week until the next James Bond is cast.
We're going to put up our vote for who we want as the next 007.
This week, uh, mine's going to be John Scout.
Uh, why?
His name rhymes with something about research.
Cheese.
You don't know John Scout?
Uh, no.
He created a spree.
Uh, here we go.
Here we go.
You must not know about spree.
It's a compressed extras.
Candy has a candy shell in it.
chewy center baby.
You must not know about spree.
I used to think spree stood for a sprain knee.
So don't you ever pour a second get to thinking.
I'm smarter than a spree.
Just smarter than any of those programs where they'll pay if you take classes in something.
Oh.
So we sort of sponsored Jeff.
But he's not learning anything.
It's just for a lobotomy or something.
Yeah.
Was that up?
You drank a 35 gram protein shake.
Yeah.
Did you work out?
You can't be refreshing.
It can't be refreshing.
And you went.
Yeah.
I can't be refreshing.
Chocolate milk.
It's been any more dairy.
No, I've had a spree.
Yeah, I've never heard.
I guarantee spree that some people don't know about spree.
Yeah.
I get that.
Must be a Cleveland thing.
Um.
Who are you guys just bonds of the week?
Doesn't matter.
You already said and did the thing that you needed to do.
But yeah.
Shall we do you have a bond of the week?
I don't know.
Michael Sarah.
That's cool.
Just the Eisenberg.
Same person.
Well, it's really good.
Both really good bond vibes.
Yeah.
You have to admit it'd be funny to see Michael Sarah's bond.
That's just a sketch.
No, I think it could be a whole movie if you really wanted to be.
You commit.
I just do our sketch.
Michael Sarah.
Yeah.
He's talented.
I don't think I would ever go like he's really talented.
Like he's not that he's talented but he's more than what you think.
He's out of this world.
If you were to be castes bond, he would really become the character.
You think he would work out for it?
I don't think he needs to.
He's going to wait.
I'll take one key lesson, but that's it.
Exactly.
All he needs.
All the real spy needs is the know-how.
And I think he does.
And what does that mean to you?
The know-how.
How to get in and out.
How to get in and out of a situation.
How to like operate a mission or just have a situation place.
I mean, you got to get in and out.
That is being a spy.
Being a spy is almost explicitly being getting in and getting out.
Yep.
Now, it's usually, it's like getting the information that helps your country.
And then getting out of it all.
And then getting out of it.
That's like, but yeah.
All right.
If you boil it all down, it's getting in getting out.
That's being a spy.
You can say about anything.
You can say about like being, you know, speaking of,
you could say that about being a union worker.
It's about clocking in and clocking out.
Podcasts.
Well, that's true about that.
No, at a podcast, there's a whole other thing in the middle.
We're saying what they're doing.
We're saying that.
Don't talk about your days.
Do not even bring that up.
The idea of workers getting together to force their parents.
Have a better time.
Yeah.
News.
This is crazy.
Yeah, let's just fucking move on.
Let's talk about the supply chain issue.
A couple weeks ago, we sort of fixed it, but it still seems to be,
it still seems to be sort of floundering.
It seems to be frail and fragile.
It doesn't seem like, you know,
we live in such a global economy that it's like getting parts even for American manufacturing,
often comes from overseas.
And what do you do when barges are just up to their ankles?
I have stoned out so hard.
It's like campaign finance reform, just those words make you bored and stop.
I glaze over so fast.
Then let's talk about the discovery,
Warner Media merger.
And that's this morning.
What do you only have really high level,
tedious, dry, breaking news?
Corporate mergers, supply chain management.
Let's talk about fun shit.
All right.
Watches and wonders.
Geneva, Switzerland, the fucking watch.
Can you come out of convention in Spokane, Washington?
Why there?
That's where I feel like they do a trade show.
I love to know what you guys think of the new Vashron,
Constantine, 222,
because he didn't get said that it's the greatest thing since sliced bread.
Show a picture or something.
It's a watch.
I don't.
All right.
Here we go.
Let me show the picture.
This is going to make it harder to edit.
Whatever shall be once.
Well, you're asking us our opinion and you act like we've.
This looks like a lot of other watches.
Yeah.
It looks kind of bad actually.
It's like shiny in a not cool way.
I don't think.
Is this shiny to you?
Yes.
Looks like really.
It looks like the Zelda.
The way on that top picture right there,
it looks very much like a cobra.
King cobra snake.
I don't know why I asked you guys.
This sucks.
Rolex released a left-handed GMT with the or left-hand T with a GM.
Or what?
I'm genuine.
Our watches hand specific.
Normally they're all for righty.
Switch itters.
Oh.
But if you're a right-handed person, you wear it on your left wrist.
And so they released a watch specifically for lefties,
which would actually go on your right wrist.
Meaning the crown is towards that.
Oh my god.
Shut up.
Stop it.
The crown is towards the hand.
That's nothing.
That's absolutely not.
And took them.
Hold on.
How long has Rolex been a company?
It took them till 2022 to flip a crown.
Well, there's a lot of manufacturing that goes into it.
You know, making the casemoles to flip it, you know,
whatever.
To mirror.
Something that I really care about, though.
I know.
I'm just asking if you know why it would have taken them this long.
I was, yeah.
Because, you know, we don't have the molds to make the casemoles.
But we don't care about you.
Oh.
You care about watches, which is good.
The disconnector sort of.
Casm that we have yet to grow.
This is a bridge.
That's to either thin or fragile for us to traverse is we.
And I'm not just talking about shelving me at this point.
You get that.
We as in the royal global we.
The listeners of the show.
Don't care about you.
You, Jeff.
So you can speak passionately about something.
But it's not getting through.
I could see that for a second, Jeff was going to try and sort of fake.
And then he broke and laughed.
But I could see it as knows that he was starting to do a little cry.
Yeah.
I don't know.
Danger, key alert.
Don't hide the cry when you try.
In your eyes, it all comes out in the wash slash end.
When you don't do the clap, I do them.
We're going to take a quick break.
But we'll be back after I compose myself when we thank some sponsors.
He has a bathroom break.
Nope.
Oh, God.
Thank you.
Thanks to Fairety for that one.
You crazy for that one, Fairety?
It might be a different ad.
These are dynamically inserted.
So depending on when people listen to it, it may or may not have been a Fairety.
What happened to you earlier, man?
I feel like you're really coming after me this episode.
All I did was do normal.
No, the week with John Scout.
Yeah.
It's a usual part for the course.
Full steam ahead.
What do you guys have?
Favorite sports?
Basketball.
Yeah, basketball.
Yeah, me too, actually.
But as good as basketball is, I feel like the world is waiting for that next sport.
You know, there was so much excitement around high alive for so many decades that I think it's starting to win.
And I think we need a new sport.
Actually, there is kind of a new sport that I'm curious to try because I hear good things about.
What is it?
Pickleball.
I've been playing pickleball.
What the hell is it?
Pickleball is like if you took tennis and you took ping pong and you sort of just met in the middle.
Yeah, it's like paddle tennis with a wifful ball.
It's doubles only, right?
Yeah.
I guess it's not the thing that it's hard.
Is that the thing with the curves?
No, that's high lie we were talking about.
You said it was it had as few decades.
You are.
You already brought up.
It's not the thing with the curves.
It's not, but it's the super fast thing.
High lie.
Was it kind of like kind of speed?
Yeah.
Pickleball.
And I guess it's like it's a good post retirement sport because there's not a lot of like running involved,
but you're still getting some good cardio.
Yeah.
And I've been playing tennis a lot recently, so I feel like it would help.
I pickleball skills.
So I'm curious to try.
I think it's like big an Arizona right now.
But it's starting to spread.
Yeah.
There's a, there's a few, there's a few courts in LA.
Really?
Yeah.
Specifically pickleball.
Yes.
There's two courts in Highland Park.
There's a bunch in North Hollywood for some interesting and like burping.
Are they like full or do you have to make a reservation?
And burbank.
They're usually full.
The ones in Highland Park that I found are almost always empty.
Are you playing doubles?
Or is it?
You could do one on one as well.
I've done both.
This is just paddle.
Sure.
This is what they play in Venice all the time.
No, that's like you can like do that on the beach.
This is like on a court.
It's almost like tennis.
There are rules.
No.
There's like paddle.
Courts.
And I guess they're going pickleball.
It's a little different.
It's what I'm saying.
It is.
Okay.
Or you're off the show.
Something really sinister just watched over Jeff.
Something really spooky just happened to him.
I can see it in his eyes.
And just something really switched.
Um, whatever pickleball is having a moment.
But we're not making any fucking money off of that.
So I thought we could in the next.
Let's say nine eight minutes.
Come up with a sport to take the world by storm.
Yeah.
So the difference between paddle tennis and pickleball is court.
I mentioned court layout.
The rackets.
The balls in the scoring system are different.
So everything about it.
Other than the ball with the bat.
Yeah.
The materials are the same.
We have to come up with something unexpected.
Because every other sport for the most part has a ball.
Let's do away with the ball.
Okay.
Husky has a puck.
All right.
Then they're a camping object.
There can't be this like roundy or like a, you know, sphere surfing.
Would you say that's a sport?
That's a sport that doesn't have a ball.
Okay.
So what about what?
So that's like it can't be racing and it can't be trick based.
What about surfing with darts?
And it can't just be like putting two things together.
It has to be something completely new.
Like with the first person to like put a plank of wood in the, in the water.
And ride that shit.
That guy is like created something unbelievable.
He created something that transcends time and space.
And we have to do the same thing right now.
You said you wanted to just get into some money.
And I guess I'm wondering, did that guy make any money off of surfing?
There's also like spiritual currency where like, because my circle.
I mean, that's fair.
Yeah.
I wonder if there's like, and I mean, let's be honest here.
A lot of sports are trying to like change the world.
But it's the fact that they're doing everything for profit that they can't.
You know, it's like a lot of, you know, you see basketball players,
wearing shirts that say things that are obviously making a positive impact on,
so in terms of social change.
But how does our sport further the world?
And we have six and a half minutes.
I want the sport to be like doing my laundry or something.
Make it fun.
Make laundry fun again.
What if it's like planting trees fast, but it can't be a race.
And there can't be like a ball.
And I feel like a tree.
Wow.
It is unrelated to a ball.
Seeds have nothing to do with ball.
What's a sport that somebody can play also without any equipment,
because like that would make it, you know,
it can be a worldwide sport like football jumping.
Okay, now we're on to something.
How do we jump with an objective?
Yeah.
I jump long jump.
No.
None of those because those exist.
If there's a word for it, it's already a sport.
If you want us to create a game, we're using no words that we already know.
Okay.
No, not nowhere to be already know, but not so tracking field, right?
That's let's say that's all one umbrella sport.
Just spitballing here, free associating in a way.
What about a back and yield?
Back and yield.
Okay.
So what would that be?
Out of curiosity.
It would be like sports massage competitively that yields some kind of result.
The first one's going to be bad.
All right.
Once we get seven ideas in, suddenly we're working with gas.
That's actually kind of interesting.
How do you make a stove a sport?
I did do that with like food network.
Okay.
Nice zoom.
My job.
Like that.
It's hard.
When my zoom dies, I think I'm going to leave.
So I'll look like, yeah, it's down to one bar and it might last the episode.
But like, I'm not going to like go get batteries for the rest of this.
Like, yeah, what you're saying makes me want to go away.
So I'll just let the fates decide when that happens.
I feel like people don't write long hand anymore.
That could be something that people train for by doing like the that thing with the weight.
And then it's like, you know, who can write the best?
Not even just the fastest.
Can I genuinely ask what is writing long hand?
Like, not typing.
So writing.
Yeah, but like, it's like a writing competition, but they already have those.
This sucks.
We've gamified most stuff because nobody, it makes things easier to do.
So there you go.
What has not been, you know, turned competitive.
Sex.
Anyone can do that.
And you could have sex for points.
They're about some sort of falling asleep contests.
What about sex for points?
It seems like I don't see it.
Immediately go.
People don't feel safe.
Really?
Like, immediately it'll be anti-woman.
Realty.
Well, sex isn't that awesome.
Sex doesn't have to be penetrative.
So, you know, it could also be like, how good can you eat ass for
points?
But the judge is so subjective.
Well, so, I mean, unless you get my control bought to be like,
Gymnastics.
That's what we could call it.
That's marketable.
That's very, I think.
I feel like the only way you could judge it right would be if the recipient was not human.
And there was sensors and receptors being like, they didn't good at this.
Okay.
Because I think if it's a person, it's like there's so much preference in there.
That's interesting.
I'm here speak on that.
No.
I don't want to have to talk about competitive sex with you.
Like, you backed me into a corner.
I don't feel comfortable with this dialogue.
I feel like I've been at head-gablog enough to say no.
So I feel like I had to say yes.
Yes, of course.
And that's the problem.
Like Jeff puts you into these social situations that you feel stuck in your force to do something
that you're not necessarily super comfortable with.
And that's like, that's the vibe of the show here.
It's just like, it's gross.
It's tacky.
It's unnecessary.
It's uncouth.
So I don't want to talk about Gymnastics.
Because it seems like you're sort of guiding the conversation there anyway.
This is hard.
By the way.
That was easy.
We do have two minutes to come up with the best sport in the world.
I'm wondering if there's something to do with art,
because art has already been commodified,
but how do we gamify it?
Who can make the best statue in a year?
So the season in a house.
In a hat with a side sauce.
Who can make the best statue in a year?
Yeah.
That's a pretty good.
That's an awesome sport.
I also feel like sports favor the young.
So what's something that favors young?
Carler otherwise.
What?
Not the sex thing from the world.
This sucks.
Yeah.
You can't love with it.
It's your doing.
You wanted to do this.
How do you make air something to compare?
Who has the cleaner air?
And it's like, it can be sort of like formula one.
I already.
Don't they already know that?
Yeah, you can measure that.
No, I'm sitting like, who can make the best air purifier?
And then who can use the air purifier to clean the room the best?
And it'd be like F1.
Because you can.
You are talking about business.
This is not a game.
Yeah.
It's too air purifier.
I think you guys would get it.
We have to go on.
This sucks.
Climate change.
You're talking about politics or something.
You're talking about politics.
Plugs.
No way.
But you guys know your Myers-Briggs tests.
I forget.
That's the ENF whatever the fuck.
Right.
I think I'm making it.
What if it makes sense if I said ENF.
Jay slash T.
ENF just in slash timberayı.
That's what it was.
I don't think the slash team means anything, but I've had like a J-dash to like my last one is a mix
Oh, well, it would be oh dash pee then. Yeah
I'm an INFJ
You're an introvert. Yeah, I get exhausted by stuff like this
You do it so often. I know. That's what I'm always tired
Um, I'm here. I'm an AMIR, a one-of-a-kind
No, I'm an IT
Specialist. I'll
Y'all hurt
Well, it's good that we know ourselves some more than others
But today I wanted to introduce a new personality test
The Briar's mix test
So much of your things are just switching the first letter
This is gonna
You interact with others based on ice cream and pop punk bands
Okay, Briars of course being sort of a dairy entity. Yeah, they're being a naughty oddies pop punk
outfit
Out of San Francisco
Amir, let's start with you when you when you're in social scenarios
Do you get drained by the end of the night or by the end of the night after spending time with people?
Are you sort of so this is just the regular one but not have any results will be different?
Okay, sure. I feel drained at the end of a night of talking to people. Yeah, so you're sort of a Ryan Ross
You're sort of a Ryan Ross from Pentagon. They just go in that exact regard
Because he's sort of strikes me as an intro room and I have to guess
There's usually more questions, right? There are I just he didn't respond. I like I can't I don't know who that is
He probably didn't know what judgment meant until you took the Myers Briggs of course
I knew it judgment that when you're at an ice cream parlor
Do you like to sit in the middle of the room or at the sides?
It also flavor to you get
You're clearly making this up as you
I thought about better what you would the test deliver. Yeah, that is what the test delivers
But it's like it sometimes the test will ask you do you think you're an introvert or an extrovert and if you think you're an introvert that means you're an extrovert
This sucks
Again absolutely your choice
I sit in the sides and I get cookies and cream cookies and cream like your weird milk juice
All right, I'm here when you find yourself in a group of strangers
Do you cope with the social anxiety by talking a lot or do you sort of sink into the shadows
Shadows really
Interesting
And when you are with family
Do you end up resolving conflict or maybe accidentally starting it?
Neither I know there's start nor end conflict
I've got you're just exist within it. I've got your results. Okay
You're gonna be a DWC WCC
Okay, that's down weeks waffle cone with chocolatey chips
So you're sort of a touring basis who can't get enough of waffle cones
K cones even sometimes
And we have to do that again with shall be now
Yeah, it took so long the first time it took me five minutes the ten minutes segment
Same questions for her. Did you think of new questions? There's always new questions at this game
This past sorry. I'm already thinking about sports. Yeah, it helps us. There's a little bit of different
Yeah
Let's hear the first question then see how different it is
Shelby when you laugh is it more of a grin-based laugh or is it an open mouth? Uh-huh
I guess it depends how funny the joke is that's not that I that that's a good answer
But for the test you have to choose one
It says open mouth. Uh-huh. Yes
What's this? I would say that's a grin. Okay. The now
Probably unless you really get me
Um
When traveling do you take the lead in planning or is it something that you're just
Or is it something that you're just willing for the ride for is what I was gonna say? I'm a long for the ride. That's awesome
In terms of dairy how thick can it get
Scientifically
How are cheese really?
That's the hardest dairy gets okay and how hard do you get?
What's up? I'm asking you the dryer's mix questions. How hard do I get? Yeah
It in regards to what Jeff? I don't know hard to be around fully erect
In general angry
Right now a lot right and when you're around a campfire
Do you sort of work to build the fire or do you
Just a long for the ride? I like to build the fire
Really that's gonna change your entire result actually well I like to do it so I guess it's the better answer
The results are in
Shelby you are a KTT LFV
Katie Tonstall
Katie Tonstall lactose three vanilla. Was it really Katie Tonstall? Yeah
What is she? Well band is she and she was in mix and she was also
Didn't she do suddenly I see yeah, yeah, what the hell could be throughout a sudden? Yeah
This is yeah, I want to be I'm here side never sing because it doesn't sound good
Shelby it does feel like this result resonated with you a little bit not lactose free
I can have as much of it as I want okay, then just homemade vanilla then let's change it to KTT HMV
Okay
I mean I'm a fine flavor what I say it's a boring flavor. Oh, you don't
You suck at singing
There's an entire lonely and horny episode about how you can't sing
I was actually on your podcast all the time. No, this is real
You see on your podcast all the time as a joke you know it's a gaff and your audience is a gassed every time you open your trap
Just tough to watch and sit around and sort of see happening some people have pipes like an organ you types like an 18th century kind of century
What do you mean you're rusty and I don't mean because you haven't been in the game for a while you've been in the game and you're covered in sweat
I
In the game and I'm covered in
Game over
Flugs
Me or you've got an on-man
Oh, you know projects you said a lot of really mean shit to me 30 seconds ago
All right set up
I sound like shit my pipes are rusty
With the suit not unlike an 18th century prison. Yeah
I don't know if I'm I'm sorry for not to say where sorry that he doesn't want to plug his singing show now
Yeah, like I was about to drop my sound cloud and for what
His choir is performing all weekend now. I'm not going to say anything about sing with others
Yeah, I'm a alto and a kid's quiet. No way and a soloist that's so high
I call his live show because I babysat a kid in the choir and
Did definitely bring a deeper voice than anyone else had in the choir?
You sing the alto part an octave down which made it all sound strange
So yeah, even the lowest voiced kid is sort of up here
Where here
This is the kid told
I feel like the vibes have been great today. Oh my god. Why?
Is that what I think that oh I just think the three of us got on really well. I think we came up with probably the greatest
whatever wouldn't competitive sex with robots. I think we well we we definitely made some
casting decisions. We're going to put out the the offer to young scout the dead spree creator and
Ultimately I go Sarah ultimately Michael Sarah's are back up
He deserves them and your personality is KTT HV and
Amir's is some weird combination of double-use and seas and I think that's fine. I think we did something big
Sometimes it feels like something's about to happen. Cosmicly this was it
plugs
Cash me outside how about duh
The dog how about duh plugs. All right. This is like it can't end until you guys plug your consents
Jeff, we have a show together. You plug it. She'll be not having a show together at Leer capierian
Monday April 18th which actually is the Monday after this episode comes out. So what does that get a monthly thing
or you just come in at one show? Well we're committed to one but it's gonna be monthly. I do so monthly
Wow and it's like always like the third Monday of every month there's it like
We'll figure out may when it happens
It's gonna be a figure out may when it happens type of I probably actually get to
a more consistent thing but I think you know we got some stuff we got some kinks. Yeah, then to figure out
How many tickets need to be sold for the Leer capier like what's capacity there?
Capacity I think is like 70 total but it also can be 55 so it's a pretty intimate venue
But we have a great lineup. We have Kail Baron Shelby's co-host Brotee Gupta
And Kylie Breakman and Taylor Garrett and so so how many tickets have you sold so far we haven't checked
I see it's not too many probably 20 I'd have to get 20 ish because we announced it two days ago
And the goal is 10 per day yeah the goal is to sell it out and then keep it going what's in it for you guys
Other people are doing stay attention cash and attention
You guys get it cut at the door and now the applause at the top and bottom of the show
Tipped your bullseye people like wait that was fun good job tip your before you do it for tips. What's that
You're not getting paid you're getting you're asking people for money when they get there. I'd be nice
Fair if it's funny
It's like we're giving you a service, you know, you pay because people pay for the show
But then you also want right, but you pay for a meal and then you tip your waiter
Yeah, you pay for your pay for the show and then the poor serving hot comedy so it's sort of like oh you tip your servers
Yeah, and then do you guys now no more comedians because those are
The core four like what happens in May you get what who do you guys put it this we had a pretty big backlog of people begging to be on the show
Yeah, really
Yeah, you drop some names who's who do can we expect for me and beyond if you guys do like
I'm trying to decide if I should be earnest or fake
That's sort of the the the log line of this entire podcast. I
Yeah, I'm about emailing to flow
progressive
She's sort of funny in those spots
Okay, so this this might be the best show to go to then they will show
Yeah, people should go to the April one come to the April one it is back then after that and who knows? But
If it goes well if it's fun if we get shit done and then shall be why did you decide to
Go the Jeff is my co-host
Rout because it feels like these are your friends you could have easily done the show um
songs
anchor
Yeah, it's something that certainly what's up Jeff?
song
Yeah, I can't quite read what he's saying we see songs. There's more to it that we can't see it's not relevant. It's just he said songs
Yeah
So uh
Was it Jeff? Why Jeff? Why Jeff? Jeff has a certain
People so part of having people cut to get people to come to your show other than other shows
There does have to be a little bit of
Pity I see
And so like yeah, really
brings that there's this idea that people seem to kind of unanimously agree with at least on the east side of
Los Angeles that I'm hanging on by a thread so to not come to the show
People don't want to be the the the one to break that thread so it's sort of like for me
I could get the guests but I can't get the sympathy attendees and I can Jeff
Bring that to the audience and those people are sort of the biggest laughers because they're trying to make sure he doesn't break down
Yeah, correct so
Best audience members are the ones that are there to help Jeff get through the day yeah, and it is
It is a low bar for me, but if I don't hit it it's um, you know
Tough
You know I'm for a month
I'm in my room for a month
Yeah, yeah
You can follow me on Instagram at Jeff or James on the Twitter at Jeff boy already
Trying to get to 10,000 before the hundredth episode, so uh tell your friends tell your feet and tell your folks tell your friends tell your friends
This sucks
What up this sucks
Well, you're not you guys play any for you already plugged. No, thank you
Really actually appreciate it. No, no, thank you. You said this
That was your gut knee first reaction. Listen to keeping records it releases on this day as well
Really, and follow me actually we will stay in on all platforms because I make it easy to find me
Hell yeah me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me me
You
That was a hit them original